Feat/database table size check (#5)
instride-ch/pimcore-monitor: README.md

- **DoctrineMigrations:** Checks whether all Doctrine Migrations have been migrated.
- **HostingSize:** Checks how much Disk space is used by this hosting.
- **DatabaseSize:** Checks how much space the Database uses on this hosting.

> - **DatabaseTableSize:** Checks how much space the Database Tables uses on this hosting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DatabaseTableSize:** Checks how much space each Database Table uses on this hosting.
```
